Linked configurable options for flytectl config.yaml (#251)
flyteorg/flytectl: docs/source/index.rst

Basic Configuration
--------------------

> Flytectl configuration. 

Reviewer: doesn't seem like this line is necessary

Author: yeah. I have removed this now

> For full list of configurable options available can be found by running ``flytectl --help`` and can be alternately be found `here <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytectl/en/stable/gen/flytectl.html#synopsis>`__

Reviewer: where is this `flytectl.html` in the table of contents? I can't seem to find it from the flytectl home page: https://docs.flyte.org/projects/flytectl/en/stable/

Author: Done . thanks for pointing out. Have added to index.rst

.. NOTE::

>      Only Project(-p), Domain(-d), Output(-o) currently cannot be used in config file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Currently, the Project ``-p``, Domain ``-d``, and Output ``-o`` flags cannot be used in config file
```

Author: Done
